The following legal agreement governs the terms between HDRMAPS.com and the user ("you") regarding the use of the images, video and textures.
Please read this agreement carefully before downloading any hdrmaps products. Your use of these products indicates your acceptance of these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to these Terms of Service, do not download or use any images/media from this store.

 

§1. License terms:

HDRMAPS.com hereby grants to you a perpetual, non-exclusive, non-transferable worldwide license to use the images for the Permitted Uses defined below. All rights in and to the images, including, without limitation, all copyright and other intellectual property rights relating to the images/media, are retained by HDRMAPS.com. 

 

§2. Consent for Purchase:

You must be at least 18 years of age to purchase these products and accept this Agreement. HDRMAPS.com may require sufficient proof that any registrants are at least 18 years of age. Minors can access HDRMAPS.com only by having their parent or legal guardian register on their behalf. Through registration and purchase, the parent or legal guardian agrees to be bound personally by the terms and conditions of this agreement.


§3. Permitted Usage:

Use images for general, editorial, product, and promotional uses including but not limited to: products, software, animations, newsletters, advertisements, book covers, packaging, marketing material, school assignments, presentations, and within films or videos, provided that such usage complies with the other provisions in this Agreement.
Use in educational manner.
Use in commercial and non-commercial illustration.
Use in entertainment applications, such as books and book covers, magazines, newspapers, editorials, newsletters, and video, broadcast and theatrical presentations
Edit or alter image(s) or texture(s) as necessary for your use, provided that the subsequent image otherwise complies with this Agreement.
Share images, files between various employees of  the same company or other company workers involved in your project.
§4. Prohibited usage:

You may not:

Sub-license, re-sell, repackage, rent, lend, give, assign, donate or otherwise redistribute the image(s) or the rights granted under this Agreement. This includes bundling the image(s) with a 3D scene, 3D model or map intended for resale, license or other distribution.
Display the image(s) or texture(s) in an electronic format that enables it to be downloaded or distributed via mobile devices or shared in any peer-to-peer or similar file sharing arrangement.
Represent itself as being the original creator, owner or exclusive licensee of the image(s) or texture(s).
Release the images(s) under an Open Source license, for example Creative Commons, GPL.
Use any part of an image in a trademark, service mark, logo, or part thereof.
Post a copy of the image(s) or texture(s) on a network server or web server for use by other users (other than workers of your company, or persons not involved in your projects)

§5. Termination:

This Agreement is effective until it is terminated. You can terminate this Agreement by destroying or deleting the image(s)/texture(s), along with any copies or archives of it and ceasing to use the image(s)/texture(s) for any purpose.


§6. Disclaimer:

HDRMAPS.com warrants that unaltered images downloaded and used in full compliance with this Agreement and applicable law, will not infringe any copyright, trademark or other intellectual property right, nor will such unaltered images violate any third parties' rights of privacy or publicity.


§7. Law:

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of UK/EU and any dispute in connection with this Agreement shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the clients's appropriate court.

 

§8. Agreement:

You acknowledge that by purchasing the HDRMAPS.com images/media, you have read and understood this agreement and agree to be bound by its terms and conditions.

 

§9. Contact:

For any additional questions or concerns regarding the scope of these terms, please contact us at:  contact@hdrmaps.com